Configure-tusdotnet.md, before:

tusdotnet is simply configured by running either `UseTus` or `MapTus` on your application builder, depending on if you like to use endpoint routing or not (see differences further down)

```csharp
app.UseTus(context => new DefaultTusConfiguration {... });

// OR use endpoint routing (only available for .NET Core 3.1 and later)

app.MapTus("/files", context => new DefaultTusConfiguration {... });

```

The "configuration factory" (`context => new ...`) will run on each request. Different configurations can be returned for different clients by examining the incoming `HttpContext` or `IOwinRequest`.

The return value of the factory is a single DefaultTusConfiguration instance which contains the following properties. Return null from the factory to disable tusdotnet for the current request.

```csharp
public class DefaultTusConfiguration
{
	/// <summary>
	/// The url path to listen for uploads on (e.g. "/files").
	/// If the site is located in a subpath (e.g. https://example.org/mysite) it must also be included (e.g. /mysite/files)
	/// This property is not used when using endpoint routing.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual string UrlPath { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// The store to use when storing files.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual ITusStore Store { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Lock provider to use when locking to prevent files from being accessed while the file is still in use.
	/// Defaults to using in-memory locks.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual ITusFileLockProvider FileLockProvider { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Callbacks to run during different stages of the tusdotnet pipeline.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual Events Events { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// The maximum upload size to allow. Exceeding this limit will return a "413 Request Entity Too Large" error to the client.
	/// Set to null to allow any size. The size might still be restricted by the web server or operating system.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual long? MaxAllowedUploadSizeInBytesLong { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Use the incoming request's PipeReader instead of the stream to read data from the client.
	/// This is only available on .NET Core 3.1 or later and if the store supports it through the ITusPipelineStore interface.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual bool UsePipelinesIfAvailable { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Set an expiration time where incomplete files can no longer be updated.
	/// This value can either be <c>AbsoluteExpiration</c> or <c>SlidingExpiration</c>.
	/// Absolute expiration will be saved per file when the file is created.
	/// Sliding expiration will be saved per file when the file is created and updated on each time the file is updated.
	/// Setting this property to null will disable file expiration.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual ExpirationBase Expiration { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Set the strategy to use when parsing metadata. Defaults to <see cref="MetadataParsingStrategy.AllowEmptyValues"/> for better compatibility with tus clients.
	/// Change to <see cref="MetadataParsingStrategy.Original"/> to use the old format.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual MetadataParsingStrategy MetadataParsingStrategy { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Tus extensions allowed to use by the client. Defaults to <see cref="TusExtensions.All" />.
	/// In addition to being in this list the extension must also be supported by the store provided in <see cref="DefaultTusConfiguration.Store"/> to be accessible for the client.
	/// </summary>
	public TusExtensions AllowedExtensions { get; set; }
}
```

# Events

tusdotnet is event based which means that the developer will set up event handlers that will fire during different phases of the upload. These are all set using the `Events` property of the `DefaultTusConfiguration` instance.

For each request, the events will be called in the following order:
1. `<configuration factory>`
2. `OnAuthorize`
3. `OnBeforeX`
4. `OnXComplete`

Once the file is completely uploaded the `OnFileComplete` event will fire.

Each event is described below:
* [OnAuthorize](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnAuthorizeAsync-event)
* [OnFileComplete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/Processing-a-file-once-the-file-upload-is-complete)
* [OnBeforeCreate](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnBeforeCreate-event)
* [OnCreateComplete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnCreateComplete-event)
* [OnBeforeDelete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnBeforeDelete-event)
* [OnDeleteComplete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnDeleteComplete-event)

# Store

The store is the heart of how the data is stored by tusdotnet. Please refer to the store's documentation to find options and how to use it.

* [TusDiskStore](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/Configure-tusdiskstore)


# Endpoint routing or middleware?

tusdotnet supports running both as an endpoint and as a middleware. Which one to chose depends on the use case. 
For most use cases it is recommended to use endpoint routing (`app.MapTus`). This requires that the runtime is .NET Core 3.1 or later.

Advantages to using endpoint routing (`app.MapTus`):
* Integration with the template engine in ASP.NET Core
* Integration with authorization and other endpoint conventions in ASP.NET Core

Advantages to using the middleware (`app.UseTus`):
* Hybrid uploads solutions can be created, i.e. the server can handle non tus requests on the same endpoint.
* Works on older frameworks than .NET Core 3.1

Commit message:

Add docs on allowed extensions

Configure-tusdotnet.md, after:

tusdotnet is simply configured by running either `UseTus` or `MapTus` on your application builder, depending on if you like to use endpoint routing or not (see differences further down)

```csharp
app.UseTus(context => new DefaultTusConfiguration {... });

// OR use endpoint routing (only available for .NET Core 3.1 and later)

app.MapTus("/files", context => new DefaultTusConfiguration {... });

```

The "configuration factory" (`context => new ...`) will run on each request. Different configurations can be returned for different clients by examining the incoming `HttpContext` or `IOwinRequest`.

The return value of the factory is a single DefaultTusConfiguration instance which contains the following properties. Return null from the factory to disable tusdotnet for the current request.

```csharp
public class DefaultTusConfiguration
{
	/// <summary>
	/// The url path to listen for uploads on (e.g. "/files").
	/// If the site is located in a subpath (e.g. https://example.org/mysite) it must also be included (e.g. /mysite/files)
	/// This property is not used when using endpoint routing.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual string UrlPath { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// The store to use when storing files.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual ITusStore Store { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Lock provider to use when locking to prevent files from being accessed while the file is still in use.
	/// Defaults to using in-memory locks.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual ITusFileLockProvider FileLockProvider { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Callbacks to run during different stages of the tusdotnet pipeline.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual Events Events { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// The maximum upload size to allow. Exceeding this limit will return a "413 Request Entity Too Large" error to the client.
	/// Set to null to allow any size. The size might still be restricted by the web server or operating system.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual long? MaxAllowedUploadSizeInBytesLong { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Use the incoming request's PipeReader instead of the stream to read data from the client.
	/// This is only available on .NET Core 3.1 or later and if the store supports it through the ITusPipelineStore interface.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual bool UsePipelinesIfAvailable { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Set an expiration time where incomplete files can no longer be updated.
	/// This value can either be <c>AbsoluteExpiration</c> or <c>SlidingExpiration</c>.
	/// Absolute expiration will be saved per file when the file is created.
	/// Sliding expiration will be saved per file when the file is created and updated on each time the file is updated.
	/// Setting this property to null will disable file expiration.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual ExpirationBase Expiration { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Set the strategy to use when parsing metadata. Defaults to <see cref="MetadataParsingStrategy.AllowEmptyValues"/> for better compatibility with tus clients.
	/// Change to <see cref="MetadataParsingStrategy.Original"/> to use the old format.
	/// </summary>
	public virtual MetadataParsingStrategy MetadataParsingStrategy { get; set; }

	/// <summary>
	/// Tus extensions allowed to use by the client. Defaults to <see cref="TusExtensions.All" />.
	/// In addition to being in this list the extension must also be supported by the store provided in <see cref="DefaultTusConfiguration.Store"/> to be accessible for the client.
	/// </summary>
	public TusExtensions AllowedExtensions { get; set; }
}
```

# Events

tusdotnet is event based which means that the developer will set up event handlers that will fire during different phases of the upload. These are all set using the `Events` property of the `DefaultTusConfiguration` instance.

For each request, the events will be called in the following order:
1. `<configuration factory>`
2. `OnAuthorize`
3. `OnBeforeX`
4. `OnXComplete`

Once the file is completely uploaded the `OnFileComplete` event will fire.

Each event is described below:
* [OnAuthorize](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnAuthorizeAsync-event)
* [OnFileComplete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/Processing-a-file-once-the-file-upload-is-complete)
* [OnBeforeCreate](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnBeforeCreate-event)
* [OnCreateComplete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnCreateComplete-event)
* [OnBeforeDelete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnBeforeDelete-event)
* [OnDeleteComplete](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/OnDeleteComplete-event)

# Store

The store is the heart of how the data is stored by tusdotnet. Please refer to the store's documentation to find options and how to use it.

* [TusDiskStore](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/wiki/Configure-tusdiskstore)

# Allowed extensions

The tus protocol consists of a core protocol and multiple extensions that add support for various things such as deleting a file, using checksum verification and others.

tusdotnet will support extensions based on what the store supports and what extensions have been enabled using the `AllowedExtensions` property on the configuration object. By default all extensions are available if the store supports them.

To enable all extensions except for termination (deletion of a file):

```csharp
AllowedExtensions = TusExtensions.All.Except(TusExtensions.Termination)
```

To only allow creation and termination (a.k.a creating files and deleting files):
```csharp
AllowedExtensions = new TusExtensions(TusExtensions.Creation, TusExtensions.Termination)
```

To only enable a single extension:
```csharp
AllowedExtensions = TusExtensions.Creation
```

# Endpoint routing or middleware?

tusdotnet supports running both as an endpoint and as a middleware. Which one to chose depends on the use case. 
For most use cases it is recommended to use endpoint routing (`app.MapTus`). This requires that the runtime is .NET Core 3.1 or later.

Advantages to using endpoint routing (`app.MapTus`):
* Integration with the template engine in ASP.NET Core
* Integration with authorization and other endpoint conventions in ASP.NET Core

Advantages to using the middleware (`app.UseTus`):
* Hybrid uploads solutions can be created, i.e. the server can handle non tus requests on the same endpoint.
* Works on older frameworks than .NET Core 3.1
