Removing-expired-incomplete-files.md, before:

If the store being used supports `ITusExpirationStore` (`TusDiskStore` does) you can specify that incomplete files that have not been updated in a set time period should be flagged as expired. This is done automatically by tusdotnet if the Expiration-property is set on the `ITusConfiguration` and if the store supports `ITusExpirationStore`. Files are however not deleted automatically. To help with deleting expired incomplete files the `ITusExpirationStore` interface exposes two methods, `GetExpiredFilesAsync` and `DeleteExpiredFilesAsync`. The former is used to get a list of ids of files that have expired and the latter is used to remove the expired files.

As stated above, tusdotnet does not automatically remove expired files so this needs to be implemented by the developer. It is recommended to add a specific endpoint to the web app that runs the appropriate method. This endpoint can then be polled by a cronjob/webjob.

Example usage:
```csharp

IEnumerable<string> expiredFileIds = await tusDiskStore.GetExpiredFilesAsync(cancellationToken);
// Do something with expiredFileIds.
int numberOfRemovedFiles = await tusDiskStore.RemoveExpiredFilesAsync(cancellationToken);
// Do something with numberOfRemovedFiles.
```

Commit message:

Update info on removing expired incomplete files to make it clearer that only incomplete files are affected

Removing-expired-incomplete-files.md, after:

If the store being used supports `ITusExpirationStore` (`TusDiskStore` does) you can specify that incomplete files that have not been updated in a set time period should be flagged as expired. This is done automatically by tusdotnet if the Expiration-property is set on the `ITusConfiguration` and if the store supports `ITusExpirationStore`. Files are however not deleted automatically. To help with deleting expired incomplete files the `ITusExpirationStore` interface exposes two methods, `GetExpiredFilesAsync` and `DeleteExpiredFilesAsync`. The former is used to get a list of ids of files that have expired and the latter is used to remove the expired files.

tusdotnet does not automatically remove expired files so this needs to be implemented by the developer. This can be achieved by e.g. a [IHostedService](https://github.com/tusdotnet/tusdotnet/blob/master/Source/TestSites/AspNetCore_net6.0_TestApp/Services/ExpiredFilesCleanupService.cs).

> :information_source: The methods described on this page only applies to _incomplete_ expired files. Files that are completed will not be returned by `GetExpiredFilesAsync` nor deleted by `RemoveExpiredFilesAsync`. Completed files needs to be deleted manually after any processing is done.

Example usage:
```csharp

IEnumerable<string> expiredFileIds = await tusDiskStore.GetExpiredFilesAsync(cancellationToken);
// Do something with expiredFileIds.
int numberOfRemovedFiles = await tusDiskStore.RemoveExpiredFilesAsync(cancellationToken);
// Do something with numberOfRemovedFiles.
```
